Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now as we've seen the last few programs the for loop and the line of indented code is part of that loop.
Furthermore pite news indentation to know when one line of code is connected to the line above it.
As you write longer and more complicated programs you'll begin to see a code indented at a few different
levels.
Pide an indentation helps you to write clean and neatly formatted code.
Also as you begin to write code that requires proper indentation mistakes will start to creep in.
Let's look at some common mistakes and indentation errors to avoid
forgetting to indent or forgetting to indent additional lines.
Most of the time if you forget to indent Khaitan and your ID will remind you there will be times when
your program is run but you will not get the results you expected.
In some cases this can happen when you have forgotten to indent some of your loops lines.
How about indenting unnecessarily.
If you accidentally indent a line that doesn't need to be you're going to hear about it from Spuyten.
Sometimes you can indent unnecessarily after the loop if you accidentally indent code that you want
to rule on after the loop is finished.
Then that code will be repeated once for each item in the list.
More often than not you will receive a logical error.
If this happens forgetting the code on this the one that I am most guilty of the code on at the end
of a four statement tells me that the next line is the start of a loop.
I hope this was helpful and refer back to this if you have any indentation errors in the future.
Thank you and I'll see you in the next lecture.